We are living in a digital world –
with more connected devices
and more wireless data to share.
This requires reliable connectivity, –
new and higher frequencies –
and precise sensor systems.
We at VTT have a unique team –
with extensive knowledge about
millimetre wave technology, –
RF solutions and antennas –
for use in autonomous systems and robotics, –
wireless communications,
public safety and healthcare.
Our work, ranging from customers’
early phase research & development –
to final product optimisations,
can be seen everywhere around us, –
from personal apps monitoring health –
to phones, cars, radars,
drones, flight systems –
and even space missions.
Our world-class Millilab, –
a European Space Agency External
Laboratory on millimetre waves, –
contributes to European space programmes –
and the competitiveness
of the European space industry.